[Music]
hey how's it going Dave 2d here and this
is the Dell Inspiron 77075 it's a bit of
a mouthful but this is the world's most
powerful all-in-one desktop computer
it's running a Rison 7 which is an 8
core CPU and it's a pretty unassuming
machine right it's great it's not black
and red it looks just like a thick
workstation display but all of the
components are housed in the back and
it's a pretty powerful system it's
pretty easy to open up it's just two
screws and this configuration is loaded
up with the Rison 7 1700 16 gigs of ram
and the RX 580 from AMD there's room for
an m2 stick of storage and a two and a
half inch SATA drive performance is
where the system excels and any kind of
application that can take advantage of a
lot of cores is gonna do great on the
Rison 7 for single core stuff resin 7 is
really good but it's not the leader but
for multi-core stuff these 8 cores do
work and if you do any kind of 3d
modeling or rendering or math or science
software video or certain types of photo
editing this 8 core system is gonna do
incredibly well it's weird to see a
system like fist just crush a quad core
gaming system that's even running at
Natt I like CPU cores are really
important for a lot of applications so
in terms of pricing this thing starts at
$1000 but the configuration I'm looking
at is about seventeen eighteen hundred
dollars which is priced really well if
you go to PC part picker once you get
all the parts including a cheap 4k
27-inch screen we're looking at pretty
much the same price and the Inspiron
looks way more streamlined in terms of
gaming performance you're not gonna get
smooth 4k gaming here but we're looking
at very solid performance at 1080p light
to moderately demanding games run really
well you won't have any issues to keep
it above 60 frames per second even if
you bumped up to 1440p most lighter
games will still be over 60 frames per
second something heavier like the
division even on ultra quality it's
pretty close to 60 frames per second
it's only really heavy stuff like GTA 5
and The Witcher 3 that are a little bit
slower it's not quite 60 frames per
second but it's close the RX 580 is a
fantastic card for kind of mid to your
gaming if you want to stream or record
your gameplay while you're at it this is
a fantastic system for it because of the
or CPU the fans are very quiet when
idling but even under heavy load they
don't get that loud I feel like we could
have bumped up the fan speed a bit for
just better thermal performance but
overall it's a pretty quiet and properly
cooled system in terms of ports we're
looking at seven USB ports one of them
being Type C there's also an HDMI in and
out so you can plug up a console to this
thing to use the screen and there's an
SD card reader and a headphone jack
alright back to the front panel this
display is really nice it's the 4k
option it also has a cheaper 1080p
variant but the 4k IPS panel gets pretty
bright with good color gamut and after
you calibrate it color accuracy is on
point it's a matte finish and it's not
touch sensitive it's a great screen for
content creation and for casual gaming
but my favorite feature about the screen
are the bezels they're super thin and it
just keeps the entire product looking
sleek I actually think it makes the
product look more expensive than it
actually is
the build quality is pretty good it's
made with mostly plastic materials but
they're well-made the paneling feels
solid and the design is simple but it's
clean I mean there's another all-in-one
products made by Dell it's in their XPS
lineup and that one's more premium
version it's more expensive products but
I mean that one just looks so much
uglier in my opinion than this one this
is simple it's not super fancy but looks
good the speakers are located on the
bottom one on each side and they're good
not amazing I was hoping for some really
awesome speakers because they have a
little more room to work with but it's
just good the webcam is also down here
it supports Windows hello for quick
logins image quality isn't great and
since it's located at the bottom it's
not a great angle it kind of looks up
your nose but I'm ok with it because it
keeps the bezels thin around the rest of
the screen so I don't I think it's worth
it the system comes with the wireless
keyboard and mouse and they rely on this
dongle for the connection the keyboard
is actually really nice way better than
I thought it would be
good key travel great layout and the
wireless connection is really solid the
mouse I don't like it has a shape kind
of like the Microsoft arc Mouse which
I've never been a big fan of but it just
feels cheap it's too lights and the
ergonomics are no good for me now kind
of related I've been using these
headphones to test out the games on this
system these are the corsair Void pro
they're relatively new there are 80
bucks and they're awesome excellent
build quality metal yokes metal headband
RGB lights Dolby 7.1 sound for the money
this is one of the best headsets I've
used now it does require a USB
connection and on laptops that's not
ideal but on a system like this that has
seven USB ports it's a great fit so in
general I really like this system there
are a couple issues though first I don't
like the fact that the GPU isn't
upgradable everything else in there is
the CPU the RAM that drives like
everything in this thing can be replaced
except for the GPU that seems to be
baked on now understand that for the
target demographic for content creators
and for casual gaming an upgradable GPU
isn't that important because you're not
switching them out with that often but
it would have been nice if this thing
did have an upgradable GPU this thing
would have been a lot cooler
the other thing I don't love is the tilt
on the stand
so it has tilts but there's no rotation
or height adjustment it's a great height
for me but if you have an unconventional
table height or just a weird table setup
you might miss that adjustment the last
thing is the lack of a Thunderbolt 3
port now I know this is not a super
expensive system but a Thunderbolt 3
port would have added a lot of
expandability and user upgrade ability
so that's basically it the 27-inch
Inspiron all-in-one this is a very clean
looking system with great performance
and a very reasonable price tag the
thing that makes this thing special is
the eight core CPU they're able to fit
something this powerful into a form
factor like this they're the first
people to do it I'm sure more companies
will do it soon and Apple has their eye
Mac Pros coming at the end of the year
but those will be a lot more expensive
than this one but yeah cool system hope
you guys enjoyed this video thumbs if
you liked it subsidy loves it see you
guys next time